
\documentclass[a4paper, 11pt]{article}
\usepackage[ascii]{inputenc}
\usepackage{supertabular}
\usepackage[ngerman]{babel}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsfonts,textcomp}
\usepackage {geometry}
\geometry{a4paper,top=25mm,left=30mm,right=25mm,bottom=30mm}
\usepackage{color}
\usepackage{array}
\usepackage{hhline}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks=true, linkcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, filecolor=blue, urlcolor=blue}


\begin{document}
{\begin{center}\huge\bf openETCS Scrum Meeting Minutes\end{center}}
\section{Meeting Organisation}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.5}
\begin{supertabular}{m{.2\textwidth}m{.8\textwidth}}
%\hline
Subject & Weekly Scrum of Scrums\\
%Organised by &Klaus-R\"udiger Hase\\
%Organised by &Peter Mahlmann\\
Organised by & Baseliyos Jacob\\
Minutes by & Peyman Farhangi\\
When & Jul, 11th, 2015, 09:45 - 11:30\\
Location & Telco and Goto-Meeting\\
%9:30-10:00 and 
%\hline
\end{supertabular}

\renewcommand{\arraystretch}{1.0}
\section{Meeting:}

\begin{tabular}{|c|l|l|}
\hline
\textbf{Slot} &  \textbf{Called By} & \textbf{Workpackage} \\
\hline  
%9:45 - 10:00 & Peter Mahlmann & openETCS Backlog Grooming  \\\hline
9:45 - 10:00 & Baseliyos Jacob & openETCS Backlog Grooming  \\\hline
%10:00 - 10:15 & Stefan Rieger & WP6: Dissemination \\\hline  
%10:15 - 10:30 & Didier Weckmann & WP5: Demonstration \\\hline
%10:15 - 10:30 & Matthieu POIROT & WP5: Demonstration \\\hline  
10:00 - 10:00 & Matthieu POIROT & WP5: Demonstration \\\hline
%10:30 - 11:00 & Jan Welte & WP4: Verification \& Validation \\\hline  
%10:30 - 10:45 & Marc Behrens & WP4: Verification \& Validation \\\hline 
10:15 - 10:30 & Marc Behrens & WP4: Verification \& Validation \\\hline 
%10:45 - 11:00 & Bernd Hekele & Modelling \\\hline  
10:30 - 10:45 & Bernd Hekele & Modelling \\\hline
%10:45 - 11:00 & Peter Mahlmann & WP3: Modelling \\\hline  
%10:45 - 11:00 & Fausto Cochetti & WP3: Modelling \\\hline  
%11:00 - 11:15 & Michael Jastram  & WP7: Toolchain \\\hline
%10:45 - 11:00 & Michael Jastram  & WP7: Toolchain \\\hline
%10:45 - 11:00 & Ingo Weigelt  & WP7: Toolchain \\\hline
%11:15 - 11:30 & Baseliyos Jacob & WP2: API Requirements \\\hline  
%11:15 - 11:30 & Klaus-R\"udiger Hase & PMB: Project Management Board \\\hline  
%11:15 - 11:45 & Klaus-Ru\"diger Hase project Management Board \\\hline  
\end{tabular}

\section{Participants in Meeting:}

\begin{tabular}{|l|c|c|c|c||c|c|c||c|c|c|}
\hline
\textbf{Participant}  & \textbf{G} & \textbf{WP6} &  \textbf{WP5} & \textbf{WP4}&  \textbf{WP3} & \textbf{WP7}&  \textbf{PMB} \\\hline
% Name                  G   6   5   4   3   7   P
Abdelnasir Mohamed    & x &   & x & x  & x &  &  \\\hline 
Alexander Probst      & x &   & x & x & x &  &   \\\hline  
%Alexander Stante     &   &   &   &   & x & x &  \\\hline 
Baseliyos Jacob       & x &   & x & x & x &  &  \\\hline 
%Bernd Gonska         & &   &   & x &   &   &   \\\hline
Bernd Hekele          & x &   & x & x & x &  &  \\\hline
%Benjamin Beichler     &   &   &   & x & x &  &   \\\hline
%Christian Giraud     &   &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
%Christian Stahl      &   &   &  &  & x & x  &   \\\hline
Dario Mercuri        &  &   & x & x & x &  &   \\\hline
%David Mentre         &  &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
%Didier Weckmann      & x &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Fausto Cochetti      &   &   &   & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Frederique Vallee      & x  &   &  x & x & x & x &  \\\hline
%Hardi Hungar         &  &   &   & x &   & x &   \\\hline
Ingo Weigelt         & x  &   & x & x & x &  &   \\\hline
%Ion I. Uribe         &  &   &   & x &   &   &   \\\hline
%Izaskun de la Torre  &  &   &   &   &   & x & x \\\hline
%Jakob Gaertner       &   &   & x & x & x &   &   \\\hline
%Jan Welvaarts        &  &   & x & x & x &   &   \\\hline
%Jan Welte            & x &   & x & x & x & x & x  \\\hline
%Jens Gerlach         & x  &   & x & x & x &  x &   \\\hline
%Karsten Falk         &   &   &   & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Klaus-R\"udiger Hase & x &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Kolja Muchow  & x &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Laurent Ferier       &   &   &   &   & x & x & x \\\hline
%Lukasz Fronc         &   &   &   &   &   & x & x \\\hline
Marc Behrens         & x &   & x & x & x &  &   \\\hline
%Marielle Petit-Doche & x  &   & x & x & x & x &  \\\hline
%Mathilde Arnaud      &   &   &   &   &   &   &   \\\hline
%Matthieu Perin       &   &   &   & x & x & x &   \\\hline
Matthieu POIROT       & x  &   & x  & x & x &  &   \\\hline
%Michael Jastram      & x &   & x & x & x & x &   \\\hline
%Peter Mahlmann       & x &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
Peyman Farhangi      & x  &   & x & x & x &  &   \\\hline
%Pierre-Yves Le Morvan &   &   & x & x & x &   &   \\\hline
%Silvano dal Zilio    &   &   &   &  &  & x &  \\\hline
Stefan Karg          &  x &   & x  & x & x &  &  \\\hline
Stefan Rieger        &   &  & x & x & x &  &  \\\hline
%Thorsten Scholz      &   &   &  & x & x & x &  \\\hline
%Uwe Schulze          &   &   &   & x & x & x &   \\\hline
%Uwe Steinke          & x &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Valerio D'Angelo     & x &   & x & x  & x & x & x \\\hline
%Veronique Gontier    &   &   & x & x & x & x & x \\\hline
%Vincent Nuhaan       &   &   &   &   & x &   &   \\\hline
% Name                  G   6   5   4   3   7   P \\\hline
\end{tabular}

%\line(1,0){440}

\section{Scrum Meetings}

\subsection{openETCS Grooming}
\begin{itemize}
\item Backlog Grooming Session\\
Grooming took place. Results are visible in the updated backlog:\\
\url{https://github.com/openETCS/product-backlog}

\end{itemize}

\subsection{WP6: Dissemination}

 No meeting today.
 
\subsection{WP5: Demonstration}

\begin{itemize}
\item Activities\\

Further meetings are planned with wp4 and GE.

the issues will be as follows\\
-the simulation environment\\
- the integration of EVC  \\
- the DataDictonary and API

\end{itemize}

\subsection{WP4: Validation \& Verification}
\begin{itemize}
\item Activities\\

  
last Thursday the Telco On Testing was taking place from 10:00 am  to 11:30. 
The last week regular scrum verification stand-up meetings on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday  took place from 09:00 am to 09:30.

According to CENELEC EN50128 The -Strongly Typed Programming Language- is  even recommended in SIL-0 application.(issue "real" data type)
\end{itemize}

\subsection{WP3: Modelling}

\begin{itemize}
\item WP3 Activities\\
openETCS Release Plan\\
\url{https://github.com/openETCS/modeling/wiki/openETCS-Release-Plan}

\end{itemize}

\subsection{WP7: Toolchain}

\begin{itemize}
\item Acivities\\
 No meeting today.
\end{itemize}

\subsection{PMB: Project Management Board}



\section{Notes}
wp2:
D2.3.a -Detailed Process compliant with the CENELEC standards - is delivered 

Internal-Assessment-Sign-Off\\
/openETCS/product-backlog/issues/64\\
Needs to be discussed

\begin{itemize}

\item Note: Location of Meeting Minutes\\
You can find these minutes here: \url{https://github.com/openETCS/governance/blob/master/scrumMeetings/Minutes/\jobname}. Please, use the issue tracker for findings with the minutes.

\end{itemize}

\end{document}
